Add OPFS standalone article / Update API landing to "File System API" (#27440)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/filesystemwritablefilestream/index.md

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("File System Access API")}}

> The **`FileSystemWritableFileStream`** interface of the {{domxref("File System Access API", "File System Access API", "", "nocode")}} is a {{domxref('WritableStream')}} object with additional convenience methods, which operates on a single file on disk. The interface is accessed through the {{domxref('FileSystemFileHandle.createWritable()')}} method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`FileSystemWritableFileStream`** interface of the {{domxref("File System Living Standard", "File System Living Standard", "", "nocode")}} is a {{domxref('WritableStream')}} object with additional convenience methods, which operates on a single file on disk. The interface is accessed through the {{domxref('FileSystemFileHandle.createWritable()')}} method.
```
